{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red196\green26\blue22;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c76863\c10196\c8627;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh16000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 README COVAI CHALLENGE PROJECT \

\fs24 \
	
\f1\b\fs28 Project Description
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The COVAI Challenge project aims at programming an algorithm in Python that is able to build a consistent Chitchat. For any given question,  it may pick the answer within a list of sentences that fits the best with a context based on an utterance and on people\'92s characteristics. This program is elaborated though cosine similarity. This kind of algorithm is a pretty useful to ensure chatbots performance. This report sum-up the creation process of the algorithm, the choices made for the programming part, the obstacles faced, the final results and the sources.
\f2\fs22 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
	
\f1\b\fs28 Libraries used
\f0\b0\fs24  \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 For basic manipulation:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 -numpy  \
-pandas  \
-argparse   \
-pickle  \
-io\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 For Vectorizer process:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 -sklearn.feature_extraction.text\
-sklearn.preprocessing\
\
	
\f1\b\fs28 Class DialogueManager
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 	to get the best option
\f0\i0 \
\
Definition of __init__:
\f3\i  Initialization of the class by defining our vectorizer: TfidfVectorizer.
\f0\i0 \
\
Definition of stopnumber function: 
\f3\i to remove the digit elements of the list.
\f0\i0 \
\
Definition of load function: 
\f3\i load the data.
\f0\i0 \
\
Definition of save function: 
\f3\i save the vectorizer model. 
\f0\i0 \
\
Definition of train function: 
\f3\i fit the vectorizer to the sentences. \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 Definition of \CocoaLigature0 best_with_utterance\CocoaLigature1 : 
\f3\i Compute similarity between each option and utterance of a given dialogue and return the scores in a matrix.\
\

\f0\i0 Definition of \CocoaLigature0 best_with_yourpers\CocoaLigature1 : 
\f3\i Compute similarity between each option and your persona sentences of a given dialogue and return the scores in a matrix.\
\

\f0\i0 Definition of \CocoaLigature0 best_with_parpers\CocoaLigature1 : 
\f3\i Compute similarity between each option and partner persona sentences of a given dialogue and return the scores in a matrix.\
\

\f0\i0 Definition of \CocoaLigature0 findBest\CocoaLigature1 : 
\f3\i Keep the 5 options for which the similarity with the personas are the best and from that 5 options return the one whose similarity with utterance is the best. 
\f0\i0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Parameters:   \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 Analyzer of the Tfidf vectorizer: \'91word\'92\
\
\
	
\f1\b\fs28 LoadData
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \CocoaLigature0 param path: containing dialogue data of ConvAI (eg:  train_both_original.txt, valid_both_original.txt)\
\
return: for each dialogue, yields (description_of_you, description_of_partner, dialogue) where a dialogue is a sequence of (utterance, answer, options)
\f4 \cf2 \

\f0 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\b\fs28 	Results\
\

\f0\b0\fs24 without normalization of vectors: 
\f1\b 43%
\f0\b0 \
with normalisation of vectors: 
\f1\b 47%
\fs28 \

\f0\b0\fs24 \
\
\
	
\f1\b\fs28 External References
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-386\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Personalizing Dialogue Agents: I have a dog, do you have a pet
\f0\b0 - 
\f3\i Zhang, Dinan, Urbanek, Szlam, Kiela, Weston\

\f0\i0 \

\f1\b An IR baseline 
\f0\b0  -
\f3\i  Sordoni  
\f0\i0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab708\ri-386\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 supervised embedding model, Starspace
\f2\b0  
\f0  - 
\f3\i Wu
\f0\i0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 \
ATTYASSE Flora  \
BENICHOU Vadim  \
MICCICHE Carmelo  \
VIAL Jennifer \
 
\f0\i0 \
\
\
\
}